release: v1.47.0 (#5180)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_custom_events_off.md

> ### Do not create custom events in telemetry if level is off ([PR #5165](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5165))
> 
> Don't create custom events and attributes if you set the level to `off` 
> 
> example of configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom telemetry events not created when logging is disabled ([PR #5165](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5165))

The router has been fixed to not create custom telemetry events when the log level is set to `off`. 

An example configuration with `level` set to `off` for a custom event:
```
